[Music]
welcome to slash forward we're gonna
keep the awkward sexual interactions
rolling with the 1984 slasher don't open
til Christmas my print has forced
Russian subtitles for some reason let's
get to it we open only a slender Santa
meeting his best gal for a date
he romantically guides her to the
backseat of his car while we get a
mouth-breathers view of the action ahh
wait for the climax when confronted he
shows this bowl what penetration feels
like and then stabs his girl's womb in
action I'm sure is rich with
metaphorical subtext we then
transitioned to what seems like a
Halloween party but as likely a
Christmas party as Santa appears to be
the big reveal here a shrouded figure
lurks in the crowd picking the right
moment to spear Santa through the back
of the head he you chose well my friend
you chose well then on to Scotland Yard
where inspector Ian Harris and his
partner Powell are working to solve the
killings they start by interviewing
Santa's daughter Kate informing her of
their near total ignorance in the midst
of all this investigating another Santa
goes down although the killer misses an
opportunity for irony as neither his
chest nor his nuts are roasted over the
open fire inspector Harris receives a
package with instructions to not open it
until Christmas hey why the hell not
back at the office the partners
commiserate over everyone's incompetence
being greater than their own I mean am i
right people are so stupid
later journalist Giles Harrison calls
Powell to offer his assistance in
solving the crimes but not too much
assistance the offer the offer itself
was the assistance Kate in her companion
cliff partake in an evening of busking
meeting cliffs old buddy Jerry over
drinks Jerry invites cliff to his studio
for some casual photography suggesting
he bring Kate when they arrive we find
Jerry as a specialty in boudoir
photography Jerry somehow gets cliff to
agree to pressure Kate into a couple's
session you know for old times sake
however she's understandably put off by
this and heads out but the photographic
process proves to be too alluring for
cliff and he ends up locked outside of
the Sharon they're seen by two bobbies
basically fornicating in the streets so
they cheese it and get split up
Sharon ends up in a shadowy alcove ideal
for a pervy killer who works in the dark
she stands there for as long as it takes
to be deemed not Santa and her attacker
runs off the inspectors had arrived to
find out what she knows and shame her
for her chosen profession this movie has
a message you see peep show Santa finds
himself at an establishment of ill
repute where he has a brief conversation
with a girl in a box being his first
time that's all it takes for him to
split his life force all over the glass
back
cliff and Kate we find that cliff had it
out with Giri about being locked out not
about the nude photography Harris shows
up to check on cliffs whereabouts the
previous night and Kate pouches for him
then we find rouse rooting through
Powell's files barely playing it cool
he tells Powell he should keep an eye on
Harris and then dips Powell tries to do
so but fails in a brief intervening shot
a statement that describes pretty much
the whole movie we find that Harris
didn't show up to the inquest for Kate's
father and cliff proclaims his love for
her confusing our understanding of their
relationship that night the murders
continue at the Christmas fear will
beget a twofer spikes knuckle punch and
the gentle placing of a knife in a face
the next day we find Kate and cliff hard
at work kinda they run across Harris who
offers Kate a shoulder to cry on should
she ever need it and she seems
enthusiastic about the offer
she later tries to ring him and his
housekeeper lets slip that he's at
Parkland but he may not want anyone to
know so shut up about it okay meanwhile
our dancer is confronted by the killer
who she recognizes by his eyes and his
enthusiasm about killing her he gives
chase dragging her to a secluded
apartment where she tries to convince
him she's cool oops
he then monologues about sex workers
even though he's been killing men and
gives her some time to think
Powell finds out Harris is off the case
now in charge he releases Cliff feeling
confident he knows the right man somehow
meanwhile in the theater district
another drunk Santa finds himself in
familiar circumstances with predictable
results although if you thought this
would come to fruition without an
intervening dance production think again
allowing for a dramatic reveal the next
day kate tells powell about IANS visit
to parkland a loony bin and she says
Harris isn't his real surname how she
came to know this information we have no
idea
Powell leaves so she calls him from a
payphone to continue the conversation
then onto another Santa who nearly dies
just from using the towel roll on his
face this guy ends up getting his shlong
chopped off and we can tell he was
touching it then we find Kate somewhere
when Giles shows up somehow he tries to
brag on a member of society we all are
Giles and then he gets handsy so she
reveals that she met with dr. Bridal and
knows a Giles and Ian are brothers but
not because dr. Bridal told her myself
why is everyone bragging so much the
detective visits Giles at Parkland
regularly but he wants more attention so
he kills Santa's and now ladies as well
Powell shows up shortly afterward and
almost checks her vitals nah she did
Giles then visits this side peace in the
city
some quick thinking she crosses her
fingers when promising not to bash his
face in with the log before to her the
option to do just that when he unties
her but the doors locks looking for
something ha ha ha
she runs off but finds stairs to be her
weakness and doors doors are a problem
but his problems are chains and balance
so things work out in her favor he comes
to and were treated to a contextual
flashback where we find his trauma
started no [ __ ]
when he walked in on Santa getting up in
this girl's guts they don't even stop
when they see him it's unclear how these
parties are all related but it cut deep
for him leading to a life of derelict
behavior we end with Harris opening his
special present from his brother which
is a delightful little music box filled
with dynamite and that was don't open
till Christmas
what a week filled with festivity and
life lessons gentlemen if you learned
anything please remember to remove your
robe and Santa hat before engaging in
intercourse for the benefit of children
everywhere I beg you if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching